Adjust Resource Discovery section, clean up document (#10)
namib-project/draft-coap-mud: draft-romann-mud-constrained.md

signal to the network what sort of access and network functionality they require
to properly function.

While {{!RFC8520}} contemplates the use of CoAP-related {{!RFC7252}} policies,
the MUD URL discovery methods it specifies (DHCP/DHCPv6, LLDP, and X.509
certificates) are not well-suited for constrained environments (e.g., 802.15.4

> networks using 6LoWPAN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
networks using 6LoWPAN and SLAAC).
```

Therefore, this document introduces a number of additional ways for distributing
MUD URLs -- such as well-known URIs and parameters for the CoRE Link-Format --
which are better suited for constrained devices.

> Furthermore, using COSE objects, Things can distribute a signed MUD URL which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, using CBOR Web Tokens (CWTs), Things can distribute a signed MUD URL which
```
